---
title: Welcome to My Cybersecurity Journey
date: 2024-09-16 00:00:00 +0800
categories: [Welcome]
tags: [CTF, Cybersecurity, UCC, Networking, Kingpin]
---

# Holla Welcome

Welcome to My Cybersecurity Journey!
Hey everyone! Welcome to my blog, where I’ll be documenting my journey as a CTF player, network engineer, and cybersecurity enthusiast. Whether you’re here to explore write-ups, learn about new techniques, or just curious about my path, you’re in the right place.

A Glimpse into the Kingpin CTF Life
My passion for CTF (Capture The Flag) challenges started out as a hobby, but over time, it evolved into a lifestyle. If you’ve ever participated in CTFs, you know it’s not just about hacking—it’s about outsmarting others, thinking outside the box, and constantly improving your skills. It’s a battlefield where the real kingpins rise to the top. For me, this competitive edge has sharpened my problem-solving skills and kept me hungry for knowledge.

President of UCC
On top of the CTF scene, I’m also serving as the President of UCC (Uitm CyberHeroes Club) at UiTM. As someone who’s knee-deep in the tech scene, leading this club has been both an honor and a challenge. I’ve had the privilege of guiding a group of talented individuals who are just as passionate about cybersecurity and networks as I am.

We’ve organized numerous events, including the infamous 3108 CTF (Bahtera Siber), where teamwork, creativity, and persistence are put to the test. Every event I’ve been part of has strengthened my resolve to push the boundaries of what’s possible in cybersecurity.

Networking and Beyond
As a network engineer, I’ve spent countless hours understanding the intricacies of traffic, protocols, and systems. My goal is to share some of those insights here—whether it's configuring firewalls, mastering packet analysis tools like TShark, or developing custom solutions with Laravel for network traffic analysis.